Ozawa, if you have the ability, come to me
Don't owe that Ye Xian
Okay, if you want to save Ye Xian
I'll give you a chance.
Opportunity for what?
I have a villa in the suburbs
As long as you can get from the sand 5 kilometers away
Get my villa
front
Three steps and one kneel
Five steps, one by 58
Why can't you?
It's not easy to give
Your pride compared to Ye Xian's
Which is more important?
OK
I promise you.
So you surveyed the sky to catch criminals
It's all about bringing people to this little dark room
Cut the crap
Do you admit that?
You participated in the criminal insurance
I admit I don't admit it
It's okay not to admit it.
In the future, the uncle will also admit
Admit it or not
So you are not brothers
Could a lady be a sin that a mate can send?